Mr. Yang, why are you hitting me?
And I'm right about that.
They are a pair of poor farmers.
Why do you want to keep them here?
Who the hell allowed you to talk to me like that?
You don't think you're superior
You don't think Mr. Lin and classmate Lin
Can't compare to me
In my opinion
You are no match for one finger of Mr. Lin
Mr. Li, although he is unchanged
But over the years
Still relying on his hard-working hands
I worked hard to pull up classmate Lin
In my opinion
Such a spirit
This kind of talk
It's something you can't compare to
Prime Minister
Why do you insult someone who strives to live
Now.
Immediately apologize to Mr. Lin and classmate Lin
Mr. Yang, I heard it right, right?
You want me to apologize to this poor couple?
Mr. Yang, hahahahaha
Chen Xiaolu, hey, hey.
If you do something wrong, you will claim it.
Don't you understand this?
I'll tell you what.
If you let me see it again
I heard you were half disrespectful to your neighbor
Don't blame me. You're welcome.
Mr. Yang, I'm afraid you have misunderstood.
These women are here to eat and drink today
And they want money.